[droplets echoing]
[ethereal music playing]
This a pleasant surprise, isn't it?
I'm Xiaomei, remember?
You can call me
the narrator of this story.
Four Shining Stars are needed
to restore power to the Edens Zero.
The one called Witch
is in charge of the ship's defenses.
Shiki and his friends discovered Sister,
a gifted healer,
who has a little bit of a foul mouth.
The Third Shing Star, Hermit,
was just discovered.
But will Shiki and friends be able to
recruit her as easily as they found her?
Oh.
I should have apologized
to you in advance.
The story from here on out,
is sad to say, a little bit mean.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
["FOREVER" by L'ArcenCiel playing]
THE SUPER VIRTUAL PLANET
So that little girl there is Hermit?
No way!
And to think we found her in a heartbeat!
No kidding! We lucked out!
Please, tell me
all the Four Shining Stars are women!
Moscoy.
More accurately, I estimate
that they are female-type androids.
I'm a feline-type!
I had a strong feeling
that this place was worth checking out.
[Sister] This is her favorite spot
in the universe, after all.
[gasps]
[Sister] Something feels off.
-Let's go and get her!
-[Mosco] Moscoy!
What's wrong? Is Hermit okay?
Doesn't look like it.
[Sister] I think she's unconscious.
Weird. I don't see any outer damage.
But there are way too many
system errors for it to be benign.
I'm not gonna be able
to heal something this serious.
Our poor Hermit.
Hey Professor, what about
using your Machina Maker?
That's not gonna cut it.
That little girl is one
of the Four Shining Stars?
Well, she is an android,
so her appearance and age
don't really match up.
Moscoy.
I am now scanning.
Ether Reactor is clear. Systems clear.
Monitor and sound systems
are operational as well.
I do not detect any viruses either.
An abnormal sleep state, huh?
[Shiki] So what's wrong with her?
What you humans call a heart
has been severely damaged.
Her heart?
[Happy] I bet something really scary
must've happened to her.
Enough to close her off emotionally.
There's gotta be
some kind of way to help her out!
[Witch] We do not fully understand
this concept of heart.
I hate to say it but,
I have no idea how anyone
could fix an android in a state like this.
Then there's only one option left.
We have to go inside of her mind!
From there, we can fix her broken heart!
[both] Oh…
[both] Hmm…
Sorry, Shiki,
but I'm not exactly sure
it works like that.
How would you propose we even go
about pulling that off?
Huh? You mean you can't just
build a machine that does that?
Let's see you try it!
Sorry, but would you say that a heart
has an easily recognizable shape?
[Shiki] Yeah, it kinda looks
like a circle with the top smushed in.
You think she has
a smushed circle inside of her?
No way!
That's enough, Shiki.
Your dumb suggestions
aren't helping anyone.
[Shiki] But I feel terrible for her.
If it means fixing her broken heart,
I'll do whatever I can!
[gasps]
-Are you gonna cry now?
-I am not gonna cry!
I think being
a big ol' crybaby is kinda cute.
I'm not crying, damn it!
Travel… inside? [gasps]
-What a brilliant idea, my Demon King.
-Huh?
We may be able to save Hermit after all.
Wait, you wanna use Dive Mode?
[Sister]
Then Hermit's heart is located in--
Inside Planet Digitalis.
There is a high probability
that Hermit's heart is in there.
-What's Digitalis?
-[gasps]
You mean her mind
is somewhere else entirely?
[Witch] To a degree, yes.
The current state she is in
is called Dive Mode,
when our consciousness
is inside a digital world.
Eh?
So she's in a kind
of dream world right now?
[Sister] Close. Digitalis is more
like a virtual space than a dream,
but it's also technically a planet.
Oh right, 'cause that makes perfect sense.
[Witch] It is a place you could
never hope to reach in the flesh.
The Super Virtual Planet Digitalis.
If that's where we gotta head
to save Hermit, then let's go already!
There lies the problem.
You cannot travel as you normally would.
There is only one way in.
You must enter in a digital state.
What? Like a logging into an online game?
[Rebecca] Kinda, yeah!
Digitalis was originally
one of the servers
for an MMORPG called Rogue Fantasia.
But I heard a rumor that the game
was eventually shut down
after an incident happened
a few decades ago.
Correct.
The incident you are referring to
was quite the peculiar one.
The game's once docile NPC's,
became sentient.
[Weisz] But they're all NPC's.
They were, but they became
as conscious as you and I.
And it caused the game's core balance
to crumble in a single night.
Soon afterwards, the NPCs
improved the game's programming
and continued to thrive within the game
as if they were really alive.
So a planet that's home
to a bunch of NPC's gone rogue.
But why would Hermit be there,
of all places?
I suppose because
she was always a fan of that game.
It is what made her happy.
Something that is close to her heart.
And if that is the case,
then I fully trust
the Demon King's instincts to dive.
Right.
[Shiki] Then let's go save Hermit!
[Shiki] Whoa!
[Witch] Digitalis is a virtual space,
meaning we can enter it without
ever needing to leave the Edens Zero.
However, we will not be able
to offer you any backup from here.
You should still be able to use each
of the abilities you have without issue.
But that's all you'll have.
[Witch] And finally, avoid confrontation,
as any damage you sustain
while inside of Digitalis
will reflect on your actual bodies.
So if you were to die on Digitalis…
Yeah, danger shmanger!
Let's get out there
and fix Hermit's heart!
Logging into Digitalis!
Systems are go.
Now initiating full dive
into the digital world.
[thrilling music playing]
-Good luck, everyone.
-Aw.
I wanted to go to Digitalis with them.
Whoa!
[guide] Welcome.
Please begin by creating your avatar.
Uh… who are you?
Welcome. Please begin
by creating your avatar.
Oh, I get it. You're some kind of machine.
Hold on a second. What's an avatar?
[beep]
Whoa!
[cackles]
What is all this?
This is awesome!
I know I shouldn't be wasting
all my time on this, but look at me!
I could sit here and do this forever!
SUPER VIRTUAL PLANET - DIGITALIS
[Rebecca] Wow!
This must be a fantasy-like game!
It reminds me of Granbell.
What's taking everybody else so long?
They're probably just busy
making their avatars look cool.
-They could've just picked a random one!
-Huh?
-[rumble]
-Something's heading this way!
[Rebecca screams]
Hmm!
Brrr!
I'm just about ready to go home.
You know,
dogs don't seem that bad anymore.
Uh… hi, there.
If you don't mind me asking,
who are you?
Stop shaking your face!
[chuckles]
Allow me to formally introduce myself.
I'm the prince of a fallen empire.
And also a master swordsman who vows
to lead his people to avenge my homeland.
Uh…
That's Homura's backstory.
-Crap, I said it out loud!
-Homura!
Why'd you go out your way
to pick a male character?
Huh? Because I could, that's why.
Alrighty but, what is this?
The game asked what mount I wanted,
so I decided to pick a white stallion.
But it's purple.
[Rebecca] Uh, Homura…
[Happy] It's not even a horse.
[Weisz] That's where you're wrong.
According to my resources,
that is a horse.
The Hero of the Holy Stone
once rode that ugly ass horse,
Turn-to-Timonium.
Oh, come on!
You've got to be pulling my leg, right?
Wait a second. Who are you?
What do you mean? It's me, Weisz.
[in feminine voice] I mean, me, Weisz.
Do I want to know
why you picked a female character?
[chuckles]
Come on, gimme a break.
What am I gonna do?
[lewd chuckle]
-Touch my big boobies all day?
-[Rebecca] You suck!
[in feminine voice] We girlies
should take a hot steamy bath together?
You're still a man, you pervert!
Hey, look, we're just trying
to use our imaginations here.
Geez, Rebecca, excuse me
for trying to have a little fun.
-Uh-huh.
-[groans]
[high-pitched voice] I can promise you
I used my imagination!
Huh?
It is I, Pino!
-What the hell?
-You're human?
She's… so cute!
Is this acceptable, Happy?
You're absolutely adorable!
[male voice] Hey!
Looks like everybody made it!
I had a hard time deciding,
-but ended up with my usual self.
-That ate Shiki!
I just made me a little stronger.
That's way more than just a little!
I appreciate this.
[grunts] What do you guys think?
This place reminded me of Granbell,
so I went ahead and picked
the hairstyle I had back then.
[crunch]
[Shiki] It sure brings back memories.
Good times.
I hope they're all back to normal by now.
-[cries]
-Don't cry!
[beeping]
I know this world
was originally an MMORPG,
but it looks like
there's not much of an in-game HUD,
despite it having such realistic graphics.
What is a HUD?
[Rebecca] Stems from "head-up display."
[Happy] The thing that's always scattered
around the screen in video games.
For example, there's usually no status
or HP display that you get in RPGs.
[Weisz] Yeah, it's total garbage.
Let me mod it up a little bit.
-Not so fast!
-Ah!
[Rebecca] Let me remind you
that we can use our actual abilities
while on this planet.
[Shiki] Whoa! You're right!
[Rebecca] However, we're not allowed
to modify this planet's data in any way.
So that means Machina Maker
and any EMP activities,
are considered illegal actions.
Understood.
You realize that means
we're pretty much dead weight, right?
What happens if you break the rules?
Like other online games,
breaking the rules gets you banned
with no way of getting back in.
Check it out!
There's a cool-looking town nearby.
That's gotta be where
we get our first quest, right?
We'll hit max level, finish the end game,
and become epic heroes to save Hermit!
I can't wait to do nothing.
[gentle music playing]
CITY OF DRIMILLE
It's looks just like a real city!
Oh yeah, this place isn't half bad.
[Homura] Look.
That man over there
has a Turn-to-Timonium of his own!
Apparently, their nickname is Tantimo.
Would you happen to be travelers?
Well, welcome to the green city
of Dremille! [chuckles]
-[Shiki] Yo!
-[Rebecca] Is he an NPC too?
[Weisz] Well, they did say
the NPCs here are conscious, so why not?
It couldn't make me happier that there are
more players logging in recently.
-[chuckles]
-Are we players?
Yes, people like you
who dive in from the outside world
are known here as players.
[old NPC] And people who have always
lived on this planet are called NPCs.
[Shiki] Oh.
But if I'm being honest,
we're a little different
from the NPCs of the original game.
-[giggles]
-[Shiki] What do you mean?
[old NPC] When the game first launched,
we were programmed to only say
the same lines over and over again.
Like living in a nightmare. [chuckles]
If the circumstances were right,
we could say a different line depending
on the player's game progression.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
If you don't mind,
could we ask you for some help?
Have you seen someone
called Hermit anywhere?
[Old NPC] I'm afraid not.
It's a big city, after all.
But someone here
might be able to help you.
Go ahead and ask around.
Everyone here fancies a good chat!
[chuckles]
If I didn't know better,
I'd think he's real.
Yeah, I can't believe
he's just a bunch of data.
Data or not I bet
they all have hearts, too.
What is wrong, Homura?
You look troubled.
It's just that
when they're that realistic,
it's hard to tell the difference
between players and NPCs.
Yeah, it seems like it would be easy
for one to impersonate the other.
[Shiki] That guy mentioned there's been
an increase in players, right?
[Rebecca] I checked it out and it looks
like there's still an active player base.
In other words, there could be players
trying to impersonate NPCs
in hopes to lure us astray.
We have to be aware of our surroundings.
Now, let's go try and find
some information on Hermit.
What do you say we split up
and ask around?
[playful music]
[inaudible]
Boooh!
[Shiki]
So, what did we find out, team?
Someone said they thought
they saw her in the northern city.
That is everything.
You mean after
all that  walking around, that's it?
That doesn't seem too reliable.
That's our plan then.
We head North tomorrow!
It's time for some shut-eye.
[Rebecca]
Wait, you're not gonna just log out?
[Happy]
Eh, one cozy night here couldn't hurt.
[in feminine voice] Oh, Rebecca darling!
How's about we take
that hot bath together?
Yeah, I wanna log out.
CITY OF CRYSTA
[door squeaks open]
Welcome to the traveler's lodge.
I hope you had
a safe journey through the night.
Will you be staying here?
[dark music sting]
Women.
Sorry, but I'm afraid
it isn't that kind of establishment.
[whimpering]
I know you've got
some new girls here. [cackles]
[NPC] Stop at once!
Attacking NPCs is against the rules.
Continue and you'll be banned!
Unfortunately, I'm one of the chosen.
I can't be banned,
no matter how many NPCs I kill!
[cackles]
[Witch] Hermit,
what atrocities have you endured that
would cause you to close off your heart?
Hey, Witch.
There's some strange-looking data
getting mixed in with our circuits.
-Are we being hacked?
-Mos-moscoy?
[Witch] The Edens Zero's
cyber security should be impenetrable.
[Sister] If Hermit were here,
that would actually be the case.
I don't know who they are
or what it is they're after,
but this could be bad.
If this continues,
It might affect everyone on Digitalis.
[birds chirping]
[Shiki laughs]
Check out this scenery.
I could get used to this.
We're in a total fantasy world
and I'm loving it!
I still find it pretty strange
to be able to smell and taste things
inside a virtual world.
That is exactly how realistic
this game was developed to be.
The only thing missing
is for some big scary monsters
to show up trying to murder us!
-Huh?
-[loud thud]
-[screams]
-Why did you have to jinx it, asshole!
It's awesome!
We had monsters just like this
back on Granbell!
Except they were machines!
And they had nothing to do
because we never had any customers.
We're so lucky
I can't believe we found one!
Anyway, I can just
knock this guy out, right?
-I could take him!
-Think so?
Here goes!
No, wait! Please, don't hurt me!
I promise I come in peace!
[both] It can talk!?
-Hmm?
-Uh huh!
I'm not a bad guy or anything,
I'm just doing my job!
-[Shiki] Your job?
-Wait. Hold on.
I guess I am an event boss,
so maybe I am a bad guy!
You see, it's in my programming
that I trigger a main storyline quest
called "The City's Treasure Was Stolen"
-in a city north of here, called Crysta.
-[Shiki] Oh!
[monster] Adventurers would party up
and venture out seeking a stolen treasure,
then stumble upon a dark cave,
where I live.
However, the climax of the quest reveals
that I was using the treasure to protect
the people of the city the whole time,
making the players out
to be the bad guys! Ow!
I just spoiled the quest line!
Everyone skips the dialogue anyway.
[monster crying]
[Rebecca] Now he's sad.
[Weisz] Its true though.
Nobody reads that crap.
Mr. Event Boss,
if you don't mind my asking,
-what are you doing here?
-Huh?!
Right! The northern city!
Something horrible has happened
to the northern city of Crysta!
I didn't believe the rumors,
but he's the real deal, alright.
Who's this "he"?
[monster] Jamilov the Killer!
He's in Crysta and is as terrible
as people make him out to be!
-[Happy] A serial killer?
-[Homura] That sounds dangerous.
He is a horrible person who's killing
players and NPCs willy nilly.
And now he's in the city of Crysta.
Is Jamilov a player like we are?
He can't be, otherwise he would get
perma-banned if he attacked an NPC, right?
[monster] He is a player,
but for some reason,
he hasn't gotten banned yet.
Thanks to him, Crysta is now in shambles.
Players and NPCs are being slaughtered,
and all the quest lines are being ruined.
Luckily, I was able to escape
before getting killed myself.
[gasps]
Boss-Monster, we're on a quest
looking for a girl named Hermit,
who may be in the northern city.
Do you happen to know who she is?
A girl named Hermit?
-That absent-minded player I've seen?
-You know her?
[monster] Maybe.
There is this girl who hangs out
on a hill alone outside the city,
not doing any events or anything.
That's gotta be her!
So she is in the northern city!
You have our heartfelt thanks,
Mr. Monster!
If she is there, then we gotta hurry up
and get to her before that weirdo does.
Right!
Wait! You're not actually planning
on going to Crysta, are you?
Sure we are. Hermit's our friend.
No matter how dangerous it is,
we're saving her.
Oh…
This is just horrible.
I don't see a single person around here.
Hold up.
[Weisz] There's someone over there.
Hi, traveler.
Welcome to the city of Crysta.
Enjoy your stay.
[gasp]
Hi, traveler.
[distorted] Welcome…
to the city… of Crysta!
-Enjoy…your stay.
-[bang]
[gasp]
[Jamilov] NPCs are no good.
They're way too boring.
It's so obvious they're just programs,
it's almost painful.
And that simply won't cut it!
[crack]
[grunts]
Nothing beats the rush of hunting players.
[Jamilov cackles]
Am I right, my beloved prey?
[maniac laughter]
There's no doubt about it, this guy is--
Jamilov the Killer.
Here's the problem, little ones.
I heard that some new players
showed up in Digitalis,
so I came out to say hello,
but I went to the wrong city.
And for what?!
It turns out it was a party
of some gorilla-looking
veteran players staying at the inn!
However, they were more annoying
than they were boring.
Anyway, I dealt with them.
Go ahead take a look.
See? Just over there.
[gasps]
Isn't it just… beautiful?
[sudden music sting]
[gasps]
Aah, please, help me!
Someone… anyone!
They're still alive!
Crap!
Ooh!
So sorry, they're already dead! [cackles]
[grunts]
My power keeps them
from ever logging out! [cackles]
Not that logging out would save them
from meeting such a hopeless demise!
You bastard.
If I let them log out,
then I won't be able
to savor their final moments!
And that's no good!
[trembling]
[Shiki] He's dead…
[crazed laugh]
I'm sorry, I haven't formally
introduced myself yet, have I?
I am Jamilov, the Chosen Player.
In the real world,
I have the great pleasure
to be an acquaintance
of the infamous Drakken Joe.
[crazed laugh]
-The Drakken Joe?
-You know him?
[Homura] He's one of the six members
of the Oración Seis Galáctica,
said to be able to destroy planets.
What? Those guys are real?
You're scared?!
You're scared, aren't you?!
I cherish that twisted
face of fear on women!
I don't give a damn who
you're friends with or not.
You're pure evil.
And I'm gonna stop you!
Ziggy, you told me a lie that day.
It may be true that machines have a heart,
but humans are void of anything
so pure and kind as that.
["" by Sayuri playing]
THE GIRL ON THE HILL